Intro to ada lab review (#500)
AdaCore/learn: content/labs/intro-to-ada/chapters/records.rst

    #. Procedure :ada:`Add` adds an item to the assets.

        #. Since we want to keep track of the assets, the implementation must

>            accumulate the total value of each item's inventory, the product of the item quanitity and its price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           accumulate the total value of each item's inventory, which is the 
           multiplication of the item quantity and its price.
```
Minor suggestion: I'd replace "product" by "multiplication" in this case. Also, there was a typo in "quantity."

Author: I agree that "product" could be confused with "item" in this domain. 

What do you think of "result of multiplying the item quantity and its price".

Reviewer: This sounds good.

>            accumulate the total value of each item's inventory, the product of the item quanitity and its price.

Author: ```suggestion
           accumulate the total value of each item's inventory, the result of multiplying the item quantity and its price.
```

>            accumulate the total value of each item's inventory, the result of multiplying the item quantity and its price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           accumulate the total value of each item's inventory, the result of 
           multiplying the item quantity and its price.
```

Reviewer: Just adapting to the 80-character formatting... ;-)

Author: ahhh I'm sorry, I need to get better at that!
